#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
boltons==23.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   nltk
    #   wandb
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   torch
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.47.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via wandb
google-auth==2.26.2
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.60.0
    # via tensorboard
identify==2.5.33
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.28.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.20.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itermplot==0.331
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via nltk
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.12.4
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
lxml==5.1.0
    # via nbconvert
markdown==3.5.2
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   itermplot
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.5.6
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   itermplot
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via wandb
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via wandb
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeprecate==0.3.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
pytest==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   wandb
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytorch-lightning==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   wandb
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   nltk
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   fsspec
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentry-sdk==1.39.2
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via wandb
shortuuid==1.0.11
    # via wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   itermplot
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.15.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
torch==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==0.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-lightning
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via pre-commit
wandb==0.12.17
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
